>>REGINA MEREDITH: Welcome
to "Open Minds" on the road.
We're here in Joshua
Tree, California
at "Contact in the Desert."
In a moment, I'm
going to be speaking
with Richard Dolan,
who's going to share
with us the rich history of
UFO contact in the military.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So Richard, you
and I have talked
about the history of
the military and ufology
and also a lot of the
cover-ups and so forth.
One of the events I wanted
to get into with you
is the Rendlesham event.
Prior to the juicy stuff we're
going to get into a little bit
later-- because you
started dropping
into some of the on
the ground phenomena
that's happening
around the world,
and some very specific types
of beings that have come up.
But let's go down the
military rabbit hole
just a little bit on
the Rendlesham affair.
>>RICHARD DOLAN: Oh yeah.
Well, Rendlesham--
OK, Bentwaters,
Woodbridge case from 1980 is one
of the most important UFO cases
in-- of all time, I think, A,
because of intrinsically what
happened--
>>REGINA: Give a
little background
on that for people
who are newbies.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
And then B, the documentation.
So what actually happened is
that at Christmas night, 1980,
and then for several nights
in the aftermath of this,
there was a series of
events at this base.
This is an American
base on UK soil.
Late 1980, the height
of the Cold War,
there was actually a lot of
Cold War tensions going on.
And at this
particular time, there
was a landed UFO that was
seen by several US Air Force
personnel.
That was on one night.
Some of those guys
got very, very close
to it-- got a very
good look at it.
On another night, subsequently,
the deputy wing commander,
Lieutenant Colonel Charles
Halt led a group of his men
out because there was another
UFO report in the wooded area
outside the base in
the Rendlesham forest.
And on that
particular night, they
saw a lot of maneuvering,
impossible maneuvers
by a craft, including
at one point
a beam of light, laser-like
light that shone down
into the ground where
nuclear ordinance was
being stored at the time.
And this is something,
by the way--
Nick Pope is a friend
of mine, but this
is something he won't
be able to get into.
>>REGINA: OK.
That's interesting,
because I just finished
interviewing Robert Salas
about the silo shutdowns two
decades prior to that.
So this, again, is
following that theme
of following the nuclear silos.
>>DOLAN: It's one of the key
things about the Rendlesham
case that often gets overlooked.
Nukes were at that base.
And to this day, it has not
officially been acknowledged.
This is what we
call an open secret.
Everyone knows there
were nukes there.
The British public
would have been furious
if they'd known that there were
nuclear weapons at that base.
There was a strong
anti-nuke sentiment
going on in the
country at that time.
So it was just
all done secretly.
But that was the forward
NATO nuclear base.
So if anything went
down with the Russians,
with the Soviet Union,
presumably their base
would have been on
a super-high alert.
So in that context, this
whole thing happened.
And as Charles Halt said to
two individuals, Peter Robbins,
a very good friend of mine,
and airman Larry Warren
in the mid-'90s, he said
that beam of light, quote,
adversely affected
the ordinance.
It went down through the dirt,
through layers of concrete,
through more dirt, and affected
that nuclear ordinance.
To me, that's probably the
single most significant thing
of the entire event.
>>REGINA: But that's not
why people talk about it.
I mean, why is it considered
the most well-documented event?
I mean, what's the story?
>>DOLAN: It's very
well-documented
for a key reason,
which is that there
is an official memo written
about it by Colonel Charles
Halt a few weeks
after it occurred.
So that was absolute
confirmation of the event.
On top of that--
>>REGINA: It wasn't
classified immediately, or--
>>DOLAN: It was
classified, but it was then
retrieved a few years
later through a Freedom
of Information Act request.
And almost, you would
say, by a stroke of luck,
it was able to be obtained
and we have this confirmation.
In the aftermath of
that, all the witnesses
started coming out--
not immediately.
All through the
1980s, this is a story
that developed with more
witnesses, more witnesses
through the 1990s.
And in fact, even
into the 21st century
we've had even more
additions to the story.
So the Rendlesham case, it's
like a gift that keeps giving.
We didn't get it all at once.
It's come out by-- partly
by drips and drabs,
but now it's a flood
of information.
>>REGINA: So I have a
question to ask you then.
How many cases have to come out?
It's been 50 years--
well, if you go back
as far as Roswell,
60 years-- more,
that these cases
have been coming out.
At what point does the
government, the military,
some official agencies
say, OK, right.
It's real.
I mean, this is
becoming absurd now.
>>DOLAN: I agree with you.
>>REGINA: Couple thousand
people in the desert,
they all know it.
>>DOLAN: We're at a point
where the emperor is
wearing no clothes.
Someone's going
to make the point
and say, look, he's not
wearing anything at all.
We're just about
there, it seems to me.
In other words, we've
had 20 years of internet
and really 10 years of
a true internet, where
we have all of this.
We have a web.
We have Gaiam TV.
We have YouTube.
We have Skype.
We have Facebook, all these
ways that we communicate with,
all in the last decade, really.
So it's all new.
And I think what we
can see is that this
has had a dramatic, profound
effect on our civilization.
But what we have
is the old paradigm
is hanging on by
their fingernails.
And that old paradigm is one
of denial of the obvious.
I was going to say
the truth, but really
denial of the obvious
I think is more apt.
So that-- you know
there's the expression,
there's nothing so powerful as
an idea whose time has come.
But there's another
part of that,
which is the second
most powerful thing is
an idea that refuses to go away.
And that's where they're at.
So they're hanging on.
That paradigm is still there.
But I think what we're
seeing is a real battle here
between the old and the new.
>>REGINA: I totally agree.
And it seems to me
that events like this--
there are many UFO
congresses of different kinds
around the world.
Seems like events like this
will ultimately, themselves,
disappear.
Once there's disclosure
and it's out there,
then the gathering will
happen in a different way.
We're going to up the
subject matter to something
maybe more to do
with consciousness
than this event occurred,
this event occurred,
and this event occurred.
>>DOLAN: Maybe.
I think-- yes, I think
that'll be part of it.
I suspect there'll be a lot
of political repercussions
of this.
I think there will be a lot of
energy repercussions of this.
We're talking the world
AD, after disclosure.
I wrote a book on it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and
we talked about that.
>>DOLAN: Right.
And I think--
>>REGINA: Go over
some of that again,
for anyone who didn't
see our last interview.
>>DOLAN: Well, a number of
years ago I co-authored a book
with a fellow named Bryce Zabel.
And we called it "AD:
After Disclosure."
And it's really our attempt
to look into the future
as a think tank would.
In a world in which UFO
secrecy ended, A, how might
it end, and we try
to puzzle that one
through in different ways.
But then really, more
significantly, B, what then?
What is the world likely to
be like after the disclosure
of a UFO/ET reality?
And what I think
we found is that it
would be a truly
revolutionary event--
yes, in terms of human
consciousness in many ways,
but really, even
more prosaically
in our immediate political
system, political blowback,
and in terms of energy.
>>REGINA: Technology,
absolutely.
>>DOLAN: Whatever these objects
or craft are operating on,
it's post-petroleum, whether
it's clean fusion or zero point
energy, or something
even beyond that, it
means a complete
overhaul, a total overall
of our global technological
infrastructure.
And that's a huge thing.
So I think--
>>REGINA: And of
course, you have
a lot-- there are a lot of
agencies and corporations
in resistance to that still.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
So after that, we'll
continue to meet
and they'll continue to spin.
And I think we'll still be
having these conferences.
But the difference
will be, we'll
be having a lot more mainstream
coverage on it, I suspect.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, not just
Gaiam and another alternative
networks.
>>DOLAN: Well, Gaiam
will be mainstream.
Gaiam will be the--
hopefully the NBC,
but not the evil version.
So you'll still be good.
>>REGINA: So now, you've
taken another direction, too.
I mean, you and I haven't
talked about this before,
and that is the nature
of close contact
with extraterrestrial beings,
in particular groups of beings.
And you just finished a
workshop about an hour ago
on this topic.
I would like you
to launch into why
you started going down-- you
haven't written a book on this
yet-- why you started going
down this road and the nature
of some of these types of
beings that you're talking about
and the types of contact.
>>DOLAN: Yes, by all means.
Well, people should understand.
I think when I broke
into this field about 15,
almost 15 years ago, I wrote a
very sober historical analysis
of the military
dimensions of UFOs.
And that's how everyone
got to know me.
What they didn't
probably realize
is that my training
is as a historian,
but my training also is in
literature and philosophy.
And my mind has always
work that way-- always
has worked that way.
I entered the UFO field,
and for me to remain only
dealing with military
documents when there's
this incredible
universe, this ocean--
>>REGINA: I'm so glad
to hear you say this.
>>DOLAN: --it would be
like going into the ocean
and putting my little one
toe in there, saying, well,
that's enough.
So I've decided to go swimming.
And that's is an inevitable
part of my personality.
I've sought over
these years to try
to understand the
totality of what
we call the UFO phenomenon.
And that's a big totality.
And I'm not saying
I've got it all.
But I am suggesting
I've tried to comprehend
all of the aspects
of it, whether that's
the history from ancient aliens
to today, or the politics,
which still remains central
to my interest-- that
is, the politics
of the cover-up--
and let's call the deep politics
of the breakaway civilization,
which we've talked about.
But then also, things
like the science,
the crazy science which
doesn't make sense,
but actually does make sense
when you look at leading edge
scientific theories, whether
dealing with propulsion
or space-time or entanglement
or consciousness itself--
>>REGINA: Stargate technology.
>>DOLAN: Exactly, Regina.
So all of these which seem
impossible to scientists
of the previous
generation are actually
now becoming more
comprehensible.
So that's part of it.
And then another part of
it is human encounters
with these-- apparent,
let us say, non-humans.
>>REGINA: And this
is the first time
I've heard you,
at least with me,
coming forward on that level.
>>DOLAN: Probably.
I mean, it's not that I would
run away from it in the past.
But it always seemed to be a
little more opportune for me
to talk about military,
political aspects of it.
>>REGINA: So let's get into it.
>>DOLAN: Well, yeah.
Let's get into it.
So what's happened is that
not only-- the UFO reality
is filled with all of
these discrepancies.
One of the
discrepancies is there
are thousands of sightings
in North America every year,
and yet still it gets no love
from the mainstream media.
Another discrepancy
is that there
are many, many encounters,
a shockingly large number
of encounters, I believe, that
people, ordinary people have
with beings that are
absolutely not ordinary,
and which lead me to
probably connect them
with what we'd call
UFO/ET phenomena.
So one such example would be
what some researchers might
have called the tall whites.
I've run into a number of cases
personally from individuals
who have encountered
beings that seem like this.
One perfect example
of this would
be one I got from a retired US
Air Force Colonel, a man who
also has a Ph.D. and a
wonderful guy, sharp guy.
Did a lot of classified
work in his day
and had a strong not
only interest in UFO/ET
but had had some work to do with
it in his professional capacity
in the Air Force.
But the story that he told
me was in a private capacity.
And this is just
incredible stuff.
I met with him and his wife.
And they were both sitting down.
And they told me of a time
that they were in a Las Vegas
Casino-- this is in the
1990s-- with a friend of theirs
who happened to be-- they
described as psychic.
So they were all good friends.
And they were in this casino.
I believe he said it
was the Wynn, which
is a beautiful place.
>>REGINA: Yes, Steve Wynn's.
>>DOLAN: Yes, they were
on the second floor,
having a good time.
And the psychic friend
grabbed the colonel
by the upper arm like
this, and said, "Stop."
And she motioned to a shockingly
beautiful blonde woman
maybe 20 feet away or so.
And she said, "She's
not one of us.
She's not like us."
Now, it's Las
Vegas and there are
a lot of beautiful
people in Las Vegas.
>>REGINA: Including
shockingly beautiful blondes.
>>DOLAN: That's exactly right.
But something got the
attention of this woman.
She became scared, nervous.
So she and the man's wife
went down the escalator,
actually to get away.
The colonel stayed there
for a little while.
And he's looking at
this woman and her back
is partly turned to him.
And he's staring at her and
she turns ever so slightly.
And then he said to me, "That's
when I heard her in my mind."
And she sounded, he said,
almost like, I would think,
like a police officer on the
beat saying something like,
"Nothing to see here.
Go about your business.
Just go on."
>>REGINA: Telepathically.
>>DOLAN: Right, exactly.
So he was a bit shocked by that.
He was a bit surprised.
He stayed there.
And moments later,
she was joined
by an equally
beautiful blonde man.
And both of them,
incidentally, were
wearing incredibly
beautiful blue clothing.
He joins her.
They're obviously a pair.
They chat for a little
while or they're there.
He can't hear anything
at this point.
And then they began walking
toward the escalator.
And he's thinking, perfect.
I'm right here.
I'm going to talk to them.
And he's getting his courage up.
He's a colonel.
Tough guy.
He's nervous about this.
They're coming toward him
and then he says nothing.
They walk by him.
They go down the escalator.
He starts now following
them down the escalator,
a few feet just behind them.
And he continues to hear
them conversing in the mind.
They're not speaking.
He's hearing them.
And the conversation
was something like,
"Yes, he hears us.
Yeah, no big deal.
He's nobody important.
We'll just go about
our business."
They get down to the
bottom of the escalator
and they walk off.
He stays there.
The followup is actually,
I would say creepy.
Their friend, who was
not just psychic, but was
also a hypnotherapist,
said to him,
hey, why don't we
get together soon
and I'll regress you
so that maybe you
can remember more clearly all
the details of what they said.
And he said, oh, well,
that's a good idea.
Two days later, or
about two days later,
he's at her home in
a-- not far from where
we are, in eastern California
in the desert region,
I believe in a
quiet neighborhood--
cul-de-sac type
of a neighborhood.
He's in her living room.
He's lying down on the couch
and she's about to regress him,
when they start
hearing construction
noises-- jackhammers,
all of this machinery.
They're thinking, wait a minute.
We're in a quiet neighborhood.
What's going on?
Eventually they go
outside to look.
There's nothing.
He goes back down.
Every time he tries
to regress, nothing.
It's too much noise.
So he says, "No problem.
I'm going to be back
here in about a month.
I'll call you.
We'll set it up and
we'll do it again."
So a month goes by.
He calls his friend.
He calls her.
He said, "Hey, I'm coming
into town in a day or two.
How about we get together
to do that regression?"
She says, "What regression?
What do you mean?"
He said, "Well,
about last month.
Las Vegas." "What?" "We
saw those blonde beings.
Don't you remember?"
She had no memory.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
And that's not the
only story, though.
You told me off-camera there's
another story similar to this.
>>DOLAN: No, and it's
actually just as fascinating.
It was told to me by a woman two
years after I got the colonel
story, on the other
side of the country.
I was in western Pennsylvania.
She was about 60 years old.
She came with her husband.
She was-- I don't know
what her career was,
but she was like a
housewife-- a regular lady.
I don't know how
else to describe her.
She comes up to my table.
I was at a conference.
And she says, "I
have to tell you
something that's really crazy."
So back in the mid-1960s, she
said, when I was a teenager,
I was about 15 years old.
I was in church with my mother.
Everyone in our town,
she said, knew everyone.
It was a tiny little town
in western Pennsylvania,
especially in church.
So I'm sitting next
to my mom and I'm
in the church pews,
a Catholic mass.
And she says this blonde
couple wearing perfectly blue
clothing, supermodel male female
blonde sit in front of me,
she says.
And she's transfixed by them.
She's 15 years old.
She's really into fashion.
And she's looking at
their fabric, which
she said was beyond anything
that she'd ever seen.
And what shocked
her, partly, was
that no one else seemed
to be paying attention
to this couple.
She can't notice anything else.
She's thinking, who
are these people?
They're like angels having
descended into human bodies.
And they look like the
most amazing human beings
she's ever seen.
And she's observing
them and she can
tell that they hadn't been
to many Catholic masses,
because they're, you
know, kneel, gesticulate,
do the sign of the cross.
I grew up going to a
lot of Catholic mass.
And they obviously--
>>REGINA: They didn't
know what to do.
>>DOLAN: No.
However, then she said to
me, I heard them in my mind,
just like the colonel
had said to me.
And what she heard was one of
them thinking to the other,
we appear to be
fitting in well here.
And then the other one
said, or thought, yes,
except for the girl
behind us who can hear us.
And that at that moment--
I know, it is funny.
But could you imagine being her?
Maybe not so funny.
She was very nervous.
At that point, she heard
nothing more from them.
Maybe they shut it
down or did whatever.
>>REGINA: It's interesting,
because a lot of the people
even at this conference, a
lot of the presenters even who
talk about having
interactions, it's
with these beautiful
blonde beings.
They're almost always
depicted in blue.
But they're depicted as being
allies, very loving, very
clean intentions.
But that's not what
I'm hearing here.
>>DOLAN: No, these are
rather standoffish, frankly.
And the encounters that
I have at least obtained,
I've not had the idea-- and
there's several others that I'm
thinking of here-- where
they are really not
interested in interacting,
at least with most people.
>>REGINA: Have you
gotten any idea
from the various
people you've talked
to about their
encounters as to what
these beautiful
blondes are doing here.
I mean besides trying
to blend-- why?
>>DOLAN: No.
Well, this is where
we have to speculate.
And by the way, I want to
finish this other story.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah, I
thought you were done.
I'm sorry.
>>DOLAN: No, because it
actually gets even better.
>>REGINA: OK, sorry.
>>DOLAN: We're having fun.
Mass eventually ends, of course.
They're in the
middle of the church.
This couple somehow gets
up and they're out, fast.
They're ahead of the crowd.
So this 15-year-old girl--
>>REGINA: They didn't stop for
their cookies and Kool-Aid?
>>DOLAN: None of that.
Right, the Kool-Aid.
She gets some gumption
and some courage
and she decides she's
going to follow them.
So she bolts out and she
presses through the crowd.
Her mother,
incidentally, oblivious
to the whole situation,
is screaming after her,
"Get back here, young lady.
Where do you think
you're going?"
And this girl just goes.
She works her the way
through the crowd.
She gets to the front of the
church and she sees the couple.
They've gone really quickly.
They've gone across
the parking lot.
They're at the top of this hill
and they go over this hill.
She trots up there and she
gets to where they were.
And they're now across a field,
walking fast to a wooded area.
And she starts down
after them and then stops
dead in her tracks.
And the reason she stops
dead in her tracks is
she saw a third being,
who, she said to me--
she said, do you remember the TV
character Lurch from the Addams
Family?
Tall, black suit,
black hat, very tall,
apparently, which
really frightened her.
And she stopped.
That intimidated her.
And she watched this
blonde couple walk right up
to the tall being, passed
him into the woods.
He turned around and
followed them in.
That's the full story.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>DOLAN: So this is
a strange encounter.
What were they doing?
Were they trying
to blend in to see
if they could fit into a
small town church environment
without being noticed?
Apparently, they were mostly
successful, almost successful.
But one girl, who
for whatever reason,
maybe physical
proximity, maybe she
had psychic ability--
she heard them.
>>REGINA: And when you look
at it, not just physically,
but also those who are able
to phase in between dimensions
and appear to be
physical-- I mean,
one of the interviews
I was going to do,
except he ended up
with heat stroke,
was with Nick Redfern
talking about the men
in black-- these little fellows.
It's a fascinating story
because we think of Will Smith.
Right?
When we think of
men in black, we
think of the film version of it.
But the whole notion that you
have these little tiny-- again,
little people who are--
they're wearing fedoras
from the '40s-- they haven't
upped their act in terms
of fashion-- that are shuffling
single file that show up
and stare and people seem
to succumb to their will.
This again, another kind of
shadowy being that's coming in.
And no one quite
understands why.
There's an intrinsic threat.
>>DOLAN: They're not
ordinary human beings.
This is clear.
And I think that there's
an infrastructure of them.
I think that they just
live here-- I mean,
as odd as that might seem to
someone who's maybe watching
this for the first time
thinking, what's this?
And they come across
our conversation.
I think there is a lot of this.
I came across one other story.
I don't mean to be
bludgeoning you with--
>>REGINA: No, do.
I love stories.
>>DOLAN: A woman of--
extraordinarily level-headed
woman I interviewed-- I was
in Iowa a number of years
ago-- came up to me after a
lecture that I gave there.
Very quiet, soft-spoken.
Very, let me say,
rational type of person.
She has a master's
degree in engineering--
in literature,
excuse me, but she
has an engineering
background also.
Very smart-- told
me of an encounter
she had as a student in the
late '90s in England, in the UK.
Western England
and Wales-- she'd
spent time in both
of those places.
She boarded a train on
her way to Swansea, Wales.
And she got on.
She got on as early as
Stratford upon Avon.
And she's on this train.
She gets on, and there are
these-- totally crowded train
car, I mean, packed
like sardines.
She couldn't see an open seat
and she finally sees one,
so she sits there.
And she's finding
herself sitting next to--
with these very bizarre people.
One is a woman who's got this
head scarf and sunglasses
and gloves.
And this woman, her name was
Lisa-- Midwestern US girl.
Says oh, hello, very politely.
The woman-- oh, she didn't have
sunglasses, she had eyeglasses.
She looks at her with these
bright large eyes, apparently.
And she looks at her--
stares, says nothing,
and then says, ohhh.
Like, what does that mean?
So there was a seat
across from her,
which was actually empty but
filled with stuff belonging
to this woman, who's diagonal
to her, who was equally strange.
This woman here was like
a blond Nordic type.
This woman had dark, curly hair.
And during their
little brief encounter,
this other woman's leaning
forward-- who does this?
Leaning forward, very
super-attentive--
this is surreal-- listening
carefully to everything
that they're talking about.
She also had these
very bizarre eyes.
So incidentally, the
woman who spoke to her--
they had a little bit of a
very brief conversation--
spoke to her in an exact
central Iowan accent.
But here they're
in western England.
She's from Iowa, but you'd think
that this is a corn-fed Iowa
girl here as well.
Little odd.
She looks around
the train and she
sees these other
people-- odd people.
There's a man maybe
10 feet away from her,
eight feet away from her.
And she's looking at him and she
said-- and I have to emphasize,
this woman was not on drugs.
She was not drunk.
She was not-- she's very--
I mean, having met her,
I have to say she's very,
very straightforward.
She said this man, his
index finger was unraveling.
And I said, well,
what do you mean
his index finger was unraveling?
>>REGINA: Like the
digits were starting to--
>>DOLAN: She said,
it was not a glove.
The man's finger was unraveling.
It was like-- it was
not like medical suture.
>>REGINA: It was like pixels.
>>DOLAN: It was thread,
fine thread, and silk.
She basically said he was
wearing like a human suit.
And she looked around
and she concluded--
and she got very panicky.
And she had emphasized
this many times to me
in the conversation.
She said, look, I
realize you might
think I was a young
college student.
I might have gotten
very nervous.
She said, that was not the case.
She was just hypervigilant
and noticing.
There were other
individuals that
also were getting her attention.
So the man whose finger was
unraveling, at the very next
stop-- she was ready to get
off at her stop very early,
no matter how far she
was from her destination.
But instead, he beat
her to the punch.
He got up and got out of
the train, off the train.
And as he goes off the train, on
the platform, he stared at her,
she said, through the window.
And the two women
that she was with
were looking intently at him.
And the woman next to
her put up her newspaper,
blocking this woman,
Lisa's view from her,
where she was evidently
communicating something
to the man.
Very strange.
So then-- this is like
out of a crazy movie.
>>REGINA: Like "They
Live" or something.
>>DOLAN: Right.
So I think I'm missing part
of it, but the very end of it
was the most bizarre.
She was feeling a little more
at ease, for whatever reason.
She had felt nauseous.
She'd felt sick.
She'd felt dizzy for awhile,
but then she recovered.
And at one moment at
the next-- at one stop,
everyone, 30 to 40
people, stood up,
she said, absolutely in unison,
together-- every single person.
There were two people that she
knew were absolutely, totally
human, a young guy
and a woman who
was with him, maybe around 30.
Kind of ordinary-looking
guy and gal.
She realized they
were the chaperones.
And she said within
moments, all 30 to 40
of these people, no noise,
no jostling, nothing,
up, out, out of the car.
And the next thing she knew
she was absolutely alone.
>>REGINA: What a
creepy train ride.
>>DOLAN: So there's
one follow-up
to this story, which is
simply that she went back
to her college.
She met up with one of her
friends who was, I think,
local to that area.
And she told him what
she had encountered.
And he said, apparently,
yes, I have heard.
He took this in stride.
He said, I've heard of a new
community, a newish community
that sprung up somewhere
not far from here
where they're
totally closed off.
They don't answer their doors.
They just stay to themselves.
But the problem with
this is, though, I mean,
I asked her where was this?
And it was frustrating to her.
She did not know what
stop they got off at.
She couldn't remember.
I think part of it was that
she felt like her mind was
almost intentionally made foggy.
And one does hear
this type of thing.
>>REGINA: Yes, repeatedly.
>>DOLAN: So she was a
little bit out of it
during-- She didn't even notice
the two women in her booth
get up and leave
in front of her.
She said, I actually
didn't even realize
until I was alone that,
oh my God, they all left.
I didn't even see them go.
Very strange.
And she was never really able to
find out-- like, confirm this.
And I've not been able to
find any kind of confirmation
of such a town.
There you have it.
Just another bizarre story.
>>REGINA: Just another one.
And, you know, one of
the things I found,
this was-- it's a
slight non-sequitur.
But again, it's
talking about beings,
other-dimensional beings that
are interfacing with humanity
that I had not
heard about before.
This one was kind of cool.
I was talking to a
military remote viewer.
And I said, well, what are
you guys seeing these days?
I said, I know what you're
looking at as far as targets,
but what are you seeing that
you guys can't talk about?
>>DOLAN: Always a good question.
>>REGINA: And he said,
well, what we're seeing,
we're seeing these beings in--
they're just slightly phased
off, but they're elephantine.
And I said, really?
He said, no, no.
This is benevolent.
This presence is
very benevolent.
And I thought, hold on a minute.
If you look to Hindu lore,
then you're talking--
>>DOLAN: Ganesh.
>>REGINA: Ganesh, the
remover of obstacles.
And I thought, isn't
that interesting.
And so when you start
hearing these stories coming
from unexpected
quarters, you can
start seeing where a lot
of the world's religions
and traditions have come
because these beings obviously
have been here a long time.
>>DOLAN: What's interesting
is, at the end of the workshop
that I led today, that was
one of my final thoughts
and speculations
about, we're talking
about these ancient religions.
And many people had accounts
of-- their encounters
with dimensional
types of entities.
This is widespread.
This is something that, years
ago, I really stayed away from.
And I still have-- I'm still
very cautious about some
of these encounters
and these stories.
But I must say,
there's many of them.
And a large number of these
people I spoke with, quite
a few today, these
are not just people
that do tarot card
reading for a living.
Not to diminish
that, but these are
people who are lawyers
and accountants.
And they have all kinds
of very professional jobs.
And they have such encounters.
>>REGINA: Give us
an idea of what
you see in terms of the
recognition of these encounters
starting to come to the
forefront and the opportunity
for humankind in general.
>>DOLAN: It's a great question.
I think what we're seeing
is that there is a reality.
It's certainly not acknowledged
by the officially sanctioned
narrative that we're
all supposed to believe.
There's this thing happening.
There are these other
people, beings-- whatever
they are-- these other
beings that are here.
And they either live here or
they're here for the long term.
And they're interacting
with us in various ways,
to varying degrees.
Some of them seem to prefer not
to interact with us very much.
Others-- which we didn't really
get a chance to talk about,
but there are many
encounters with people
who've had beings to
communicate things with them
in one way or another,
often very positive.
>>REGINA: By no means is
it all negative or scary.
>>DOLAN: No.
You have the
encounters that people
have with the so-called
grays, which are not always
perceived as positive and
can be very intimidating.
But you get a wide range.
What I think is happening
is that humanity right now--
I think we've always
been subject of interest.
I think we're interesting.
And I think that other
entities that have the ability
to watch us have been doing
so for a very long time.
But I also think
that right now we
are at a particular
moment in our history
and in our civilization where
we're developing capabilities,
certainly technologically.
All we have to do is
look at the last century,
where we were at 100 years
ago and where we're at now.
It's unbelievable.
And that's not a
long period of time.
Where will we be
in another century?
>>REGINA: True.
And another thing
that strikes me
is if the science behind the
notion that the Earth is just--
is going through this
sub-dimensional density shift,
if that is true, and
there seems to be-- we
can go on about
that-- then it would
seem that we should be
able to start having more
direct contact
with beings who've
been just slightly phased off,
just like many people can see
ships sitting right
here over here.
>>DOLAN: This is
a different angle
than what I was--
but I'm not disputing
that this is a problem.
>>REGINA: I'm bringing it
in as a different angle.
>>DOLAN: Absolutely.
I think that they're
interested in us
because we're about,
technologically,
to go into some advanced
quantum computing, advanced AI,
advanced nanotech,
advanced 3D printing,
which will be organic.
We're about to enter their
world on a technological basis,
probably.
But now what you're
talking about
is-- this is a valid
way to look at it.
And again, I would have had
a harder time 10 years ago,
but you know what?
Remote viewing is real.
That's real.
There's a dimension of
reality that the human mind
is able to comprehend that
is beyond the mere-- what
we perceive as physical.
>>REGINA: The five senses.
>>DOLAN: So that's real.
And I happen to think that
they-- because I think many
of them communicate
intensely telepathically,
so that-- whereas I think
that all people have
some of this ability.
I suspect that some may be
very gifted, like music,
like anything, and that they
may very well have a stronger
interest in some of those types
of people-- individuals who
exhibit greater psychic or
telepathic or unusual types
of abilities like that probably
would be of interest to them.
>>REGINA: It's creating an
interesting portrait, though,
no matter what
quarter it comes from.
>>DOLAN: The one thing that
I've often wondered about
is will we ever get
to a point where A,
we're going to get to an open
acknowledgement of them here.
This is a problem of disclosure.
That is, it's one thing
to admit, oh yeah,
there are these craft
that zip around.
And they're not all
black budget people.
Some of them, we don't really
know where they come from.
That's a problem right there.
That's a big problem,
politically, to deal with.
It's a big problem in terms
of our energy infrastructure
to deal with.
But it's also a
big problem to deal
with in terms of many people--
>>REGINA: Having beautiful
blonde people show up
in your church on
a Sunday, tune in,
and getting in your
head telepathically.
>>DOLAN: How do
we deal with them?
How do we-- I've often felt
that that moment, once it
starts sinking into
people that there are
these other kinds of beings
here, very intensely, probably
intelligent and advanced beings
in certain ways, one thing
that I hope is
that it would spark
a kind of philosophical
reflection
on the part of humanity, on
the part of ordinary people,
in the sense of, gee, what
have I been doing with my life?
I'm going to watch "Wheel of
Fortune" again another night
or I'm going to
play internet games
and play solitaire
on my computer?
Or am I actually
going to realize
that there are higher
levels of thinking,
better outcomes for
myself, personally.
And I can maybe step up
my game, because there
are these other beings here.
And they've obviously--
they're at a level--
I would like to think that
this is a possibility.
>>REGINA: Let's hope.
So any final thoughts?
Otherwise, I think
we're about out of time.
>>DOLAN: Well, I guess
I consider myself
the luckiest person that I know.
I get to study a
subject that I think
is the most fascinating
thing in the world, that
is the entire gamut
of the UFO subject
brings us into every-- it's
the most cutting-edge subject.
Whether we're talking
about politics or science
or human encounters, technology,
it encompasses all of that.
And it's a reality
that will not go away.
It can be denied
for only so long.
And we are right on
the cusp of, I feel,
we are on the cusp of a
very significant shift
in our civilization.
I use that word--
that's a loaded word,
but I think it is a change
that we're going to see.
And it's not necessarily all
going to be a better change.
We're looking at a battle.
We're looking at the
battle on the one
hand of our human
handlers, who really
do want to create a global
totalitarian society.
And maybe they'll do it.
But on the other hand,
are us and everyone
who's watching this, who,
we only want one thing.
We want freedom.
We're like water
going to the source.
And we try to find our
ways of attaining it.
And we have our own tools.
We have the ability to
communicate with each other.
We have the ability-- some
people, brave people who
take digital data,
classified data,
and they throw it
out for the world.
And that's the battle.
And part of that
information concerns
what we've been
talking about here.
I believe that humanity--
not the evil ones,
but the good people-- that
we're going to end up-- I
think we'll win.
And I think that
we will have access
to freer forms of energy,
better forms of energy.
And I think we will
have the opportunity
to create a genuinely
viable human civilization.
>>REGINA: I agree
with you, Richard.
Thank you.
>>DOLAN: My pleasure.
Glad we did this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]